To go forward.
We need to connect to GitHub and Docker Hub from Jenkins, and we do that by using the credential saved
in Jenkins.
So I've covered this in the initial chapters, so please feel free to watch that lecture.
How to Set Credential In Jenkins.
But just for quick refresh, I have also included how to do that in this quick lecture.
All right, let's get started.
We are in the familiar Jenkins console to save the credentials, click manage Jenkins, manage credentials
and the global click Jenkins.
And then global credentials add credentials.
This ID field is important because we are going to refer to this field from our Jenkins file.
So I'm going to name this Docker hub.
I'm going to add another credential for my GitHub.
I'm going to name the ID GitHub in this case, not that the username here should be the user name of
the GitHub, not the email ID that you use to log in with.
So if you go to your GitHub repository and you should see a name for your account, in this case it's
Aha Dash.
Rajdeep So that's what I'm going to use, not the login email ID and the password is not your GitHub
password.
You need to generate a token and that's what you need to use in the Jenkins to generate GitHub personal
token.
You go to GitHub and under your profile click settings, scroll down, go to developer settings and
then personal access token and then you can put a note.
And then select repo webhook notification and that should be sufficient click generate token and this
is the token you need to copy and paste it here.
Now that the credentials are all set, let's go ahead and create the building demand job.